on YouTube as in life nobody is under an
obligation to tell the truth
and it's a peculiar thing because on
YouTube what most of us are doing is
kind of monetizing our autobiography
we're finding out the economic value of
our honesty and authenticity something
that happens is born-again Christians
that's what they do is they both
born-again Christians are always crying
yeah many tears there and the one thing
that like I'll just share please that is
that I am most grateful for emotionally
is that I'm not always crying anymore
like I'm not I'm not broken anymore it
was like the narrative of Christianity
he kept me in a perpetually broken
disturbed state yes the type of person
era Janice really is the awareness I'm
burdened with can still be seen in some
videos on our Channel some videos like 5
signs you're not on the right path and
what to do about it
videos like get out of the materialism
trap now and yes yes y'all how to love
yourself these videos show a side of
Aaron Janice very different from the
person she is pretending to be in her
current portrayal of herself as a victim
of evangelical Christianity what is very
important for you to know about the
Ponyo gland is that it is your hyper
dimensional Stargate your spiritual
antenna your third eye it is your
communication link to higher dimension
people who just refer to that kind of
stuff is simply hallucinations I think
that's a pretty ignorant claim people
who have held the active pineal glands
they are like antennas and they can
receive symbols and signs and tap into
other people's thoughts
I mean it also ties into ESP
extrasensory perception no I do not see
this because I support evangelical
Christianity I say this because very
often here on YouTube
I'm left with this strange sense of not
knowing what I should do when I look at
people putting on a performance on
camera that's offensive Lee very
emotionally honest and engaging and even
full of regret and recrimination about
life and sometimes there's weeping and
sometimes there's laughter and I know
it's fake he know this person is really
misrepresenting who they are and what's
going on and Erin Janis in portraying
herself this way if you just were to
contrast what she's saying now about her
experience to even joke of Christianity
to the one video she made where she's
directly talking about seeing demons
where she's directly talking about how
the pineal gland in her brain is the
magical doorway for her to communicate
with other dimensions where she is
talking about her insane beliefs that
the government puts fluoride in the
drinking water to prevent you from
having these magical experiences with
other dimensions okay if you were to
watch that one video you would come to
the reasonable conclusion this was a
young woman who was wildly eccentric by
any standards of what Christianity
normally is what that term means one of
the most important things to get
fluoride out of your diet fluoride is
magnetically attracted to the pineal
glands sodium fluoride is not good for
your teeth the lie is that it is good
for your teeth and it's actually a toxic
by-product totally attacks your pineal
gland and basically shuts it down
what fluoride does is not only it
calcifies your pineal gland but it
collects all the heavy metals in your
body lead arsenic mercury aluminum the
lowers very cute even if you talk about
evangelical Christianity even if you
talk about born-again Christianity and
look ya'll I know I know
the New Testament contains references to
demons I know the New Testament contains
references to supernatural things but if
I were to complain to you that Buddhism
had screwed up my life I'd have to add
in a whole lot of footnotes explaining
what kind of Buddhism I was involved in
because Tibetan Buddhism is not the same
as Japanese Buddhism and you know soon
as I meet people and they told me their
parents raise them to be Buddhists and
you have the car
sation and really it turns out their
parents their religiosity there says the
spirituality was much closer to hinduism
and wasn't didn't have all that much to
do with Buddhism and that's okay but the
difference between what aaron janis
believed and what she preached on the
internet for many many years the
difference between whatever Janice was
involved in and evangelical Christianity
is much much greater than the difference
between Hinduism and Buddhism it's much
much greater than the difference between
say Tibetan Buddhism and Sri Lankan
Buddhism I can't say it's night and day
difference I mean you know yeah
Christianity is still involves some
stuff about demons and I'm you know
heaven in helloweb but this is so far
off the spectrum of what could be
considered normal reasonable or seen
21st century Christianity that it does
seem to me very insincere and very
strange to hear Erin Janice complaining
of this way and that's exactly what's
gonna happen is when people start
questioning the narrative they have in
their head their conscious and their
subconscious they're gonna find
themselves D converting from this false
culture and it's very rare that anybody
goes into born-again Christianity unless
they're really [ __ ] up yeah really
screwed up I mean that's it like I was
saying earlier because this is such a
restrictive guilt driven fear-based
cult it is a cult and that's something
that's really hard for people to face
cults don't have to be on secluded
islands they don't have to be in you
know buildings that you go to every
every day yeah a cult is really um the
exact definition of a cult I can pull it
up right now is when I see someone like
kal-el cop :
complaining about going back to
university it's a little strange when I
know she never went back to University
when I see Anissa Joma making a video
talking about how passionate she is to
be going back to university she didn't
complete her universe degree the first
time and she's enrolling going back now
it's a little strange because you're one
short google search away from finding
that she never went back to university
and these are very emotive
engaging performances of people talking
about what going back to university
means to them and the performance of
Aaron Janis about what evangelical
Christianity met her is very emotive
also and none of us really wants to sit
in judgment over that distinction
between what's real and what's fake I
think in an interesting way culturally
this is even reflected in our legal and
constitutional traditions why is it that
the Constitution can of the Constitution
United States the Constitution of
Portugal if you look through the
constitutional legal traditions of the
modern Western world you will find
there's this strange implicit reluctance
to write a law saying thou shalt not lie
that it's not even that we have the
liberty or freedom to lie guaranty to us
at ease because do does not seem
positively it's just something more a
whole society illegal aversion take a
step back and says no no we don't want
to take people into court and force them
to be honest we don't want to get
involved in sitting in judgment over
what's true and what's false and again
whether that's in a job application or
even in a corporation providing services
to people there's this reluctance to
enforce honesty and then as a result we
all have to sit back with this strange
sense of detachment you know let the
buyer beware let the viewer beware that
the most sincere and soul-searching
examinations of one's own life mean to
all these people on YouTube engaged in
this weird sense of like
autobiographical striptease like oh you
you thought you knew who I really was
now I'm gonna take a piece off now you
see something else about me it's weird
but that's what a lot of youtubers are
doing it's a kind of striptease where
you reveal your character you reveal who
you really are but each step of
revealing something seems to conceal
something else I've said this before
I'll say it again don't do this job if
you can't keep it all the way real
here on YouTube there are no special
effects there is no script there are no
plot twists I really feel like honesty
is the only currency we've got I feel
like YouTube can be something very
positive for the audience they can be
something very positive for the
performer if and only if you can really
adhere to this requirement of keeping it
all the way real
I would totally encourage Aaron Janis to
come on camera and talk sincerely about
what her experience with religion has
been her conversion and D conversion but
I'm left in this very strange position
not just because I can remember when she
had that YouTube video up talking about
demons and other dimensions and all her
crazy religious beliefs I could remember
the amendment she made to that video
where she had a whole wall of text she
had it all takes updating it with her
later religious beliefs what she
believed after oh no now I look at the
demons this way and Tara with Emma and
yes for several years
Aaron Janis is someone I had personal
private person to person conversations
with and I'm I'm someone who spoke to
her enough over several years to see the
really crazy incoherencies and
inconsistencies in her statement other
people have written into me since I
started talking with us on YouTube
saying yeah they were someone tried to
work with her for years it's not even
really lie is you're talking to her and
it seems like she's not even aware of
what the truth is she makes you one
promise and then three months later or
six months later or a year later she's
saying something completely different
and when you're talking you or you never
really feel sure that you know what's
real well guess what if you can be
honest enough YouTube can really help
you out in a way that's sitting down and
talking to a therapist never could never
will alright you can come on YouTube you
can talk about your feelings you talk
about your problems and you know who
gets to see the video three months later
or six months later not you the most
important audience for your YouTube
videos is you the greatest help and the
greatest benefit YouTube is going to
bring it to your life is the opportunity
to reflect on what you said and why how
you felt about it
and that goes out to even someone as
deeply dishonest as kal-el Cullen or
Anissa Joma I don't know what would mean
to her if she now sat down and watched
that YouTube video she's talking about
going back to university how much it
mattered she never went back to
university maybe those people also can
find some shred of personal integrity
and can improve just by looking back on
their own video recorded history of
earning a living by telling lies